The visual analysis of the structure and foundation did not reveal indicators associated with excessive foundation movement. Noted signs of settlement were, in this inspector's professional opinion, within acceptable parameters. Relative height differences recorded by foundation surveying equipment (ZipLevel Pro) appear to be within general tolerances for a structure of this age, size, and type. A relative height drawing will be made available in a separate report.


The visual analysis of the structure and foundation did not reveal indicators associated with excessive foundation movement. Noted signs of settlement were, in this inspector's professional opinion, within acceptable parameters. Relative height differences recorded by foundation surveying equipment (ZipLevel Pro) appear to be within general tolerances for a structure of this age, size, and type. A site drawing and readings have been recorded and filed (archived for 2 years). If a relative height drawing is needed for reference, please contact TAHI Services PLLC.


Visual indicators of structural settlement and higher than typical equipment readings (Zip Level Pro) were noted. Based on the noted indicators discovered at the time of inspection, it is recommended that a foundation expert be consulted to determine what further action, if any, are needed to address structural settlement. A relative height drawing will be made available in a separate report.

Visual indicators of structural settlement and higher than typical equipment readings (Zip Level Pro) were noted. Based on the noted indicators discovered at the time of inspection, it is recommended that a foundation expert be consulted to determine what further action is needed to protect the structure and prevent further settlement. Noted issues and concerns include; but are not limited to: - Settlement Cracking at Exterior and Interior Walls - Uneven Doors Throughout Structure - Evidence of Structural Stresses in Attic Space - Equipment Readings Indicate Elevated Settlement (See Associated Survey Report) - Geological Research Indicates Expansive Soils at Property Location

Visual signs and equipment readings noted in this report indicate that elevated foundation movement and associated structural issues are present. Further investigation by a licensed, structural engineer may be required to verify the report finding herein and validate future remediation plans.

--grading and drainage--

A visual inspection of the drainage improvements and slope of the yard indicates moisture diversion away from the structure is adequate.

A visual inspection of the drainage improvements and slope of the yard indicates moisture diversion away from the structure is adequate in most areas. Update and adjustment recommendations are noted below.

A floodplain search was conducted. Information gathered indicates that the home is not within a designated floodplain. All floodplain information provided should be considered cursory. Verification of the provided information is advised.


--todo for foundation type ==
Foundation Type
Concrete Slab
Pier and Beam
Multiple Foundation Types
Block and Beam
N/A
